It's hard to get it right.
I just want to do business
I see what else you want to do with this business
Without a long supply of prickly ash and chili
I think your crayfish can last a few days
husband
Why are you so mad?
Tell those who deliver chili and prickly ash
If anyone dares to deliver goods to Linyi again
I'll kill him
What the hell is going on?
Linyi
The kid's crayfish is sitting down again
I don't know where he got the information
I don't believe he can last three days
Conventional, you offend Wang Qianjun so much.
Be careful he comes back to get revenge on you
I'm afraid of him
I just want to sit in a chain restaurant
Wherever Hanhai Restaurant is open
I have to open a crayfish restaurant. Wow
This time
I must convince Wang according to what he said
Hey